WIP: Revisions2 (#405)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/06.methods.md

##### SNV and indel calling

> We used four variant callers to call SNVs and indels from paired tumor/normal samples with one or more of: Targeted Panel, WXS, and/or WGS data: `Strelka2` [@doi:10.1038/s41592-018-0051-x], `Mutect2` [@biorxiv:10.1101/861054], `Lancet` [@doi:10.1038/s42003-018-0023-9], and `VarDictJava` [@doi:10.1093/nar/gkw227].

Author: #382

Reviewer: Lots of `:` here now. I'm not sure what "one or more of" means, doesn't that just mean "everything"? Would this update make sense or is there a detail I'm missing? It seems from #382 that we really need to just focus on the _paired_ aspect. Eh?
 
```suggestion
We used four variant callers to call SNVs and indels from paired tumor/normal samples with Targeted Panel, WXS, and/or WGS data: `Strelka2` [@doi:10.1038/s41592-018-0051-x], `Mutect2` [@biorxiv:10.1101/861054], `Lancet` [@doi:10.1038/s42003-018-0023-9], and `VarDictJava` [@doi:10.1093/nar/gkw227].
```

Author: ah yeah when I read it back now the and/or takes care of it!

All p-values are two-sided unless otherwise stated.
Z-scores were calculated using the formula $z=(x –\mu)/\sigma$ where $x$ is the value of interest, $\mu$ is the mean, and $\sigma$ is the standard deviation.

> #### Tumor purity (`tumor-purity-exploration` module)

Author: #392

> #### Tumor purity (`tumor-purity-exploration` module)
> We used Theta2 (see Somatic Copy Number Variant Calling section) to infer tumor purity of WGS samples and made the assumption that RNA and DNA samples co-extracted will have the same tumor purity.
> 

Reviewer: I'm a bit on the fence for whether we need to expand this more. At first I thought yes, we need to talk about thresholds (so I assigned myself to #392 to pick this back up). But, actually, that's not going into the MS right now - it's only for the response. I suggested a rephrase below to make the second half a separate sentence, but now I am wondering if we need it at all? Is the co-extraction element relevant to what's actually _in the manuscript_, if we're really only presenting violin plots of WGS tumor purity? I think maybe no? That said, we do need to say something about _this_ module, which didn't actually run `Theta2`. Maybe something as quick as "We explored tumor purity values measured from WGS data across histologies."?

```suggestion
#### Tumor purity (`tumor-purity-exploration` module)
We used `Theta2` (as described in the "Somatic Copy Number Variant Calling" Methods section) to infer tumor purity of WGS samples. 
We assumed that co-extracted RNA and DNA samples had the same tumor purity.
```
